GRANDDAD:
Oh, no!
This is Robert J. Freeman,
Without admitting any guilt,
we wanna say we real sorry.
astrophysicist, soccer star,
ex-UFC welterweight champion.
We know you're upset,
and you should be--
For many of you, this will be the last time hearing from me.
Who did this?
Which one of you killed the TV?
For as of today, I am deleting my Facebook account forever.
BOY:
Hold on, I just got
out of the shower.
Who did it?
Granddad, this isn't the time
There's some juice
on the table.
I launched this page with high hopes
for pointing fingers.
Right?
Mm-hm.
Take your time.
that it might help me find a woman to love me
President Obama says,
on those lonely nights when I'm not jetting around
"We can't move forward
looking backwards."
You wanna explain to me
what you're doing here?
the world fighting terrorism.
I can't believe this.
I came looking
for booty.
But all you bitches turned out to be bat-shit crazy.
This isn't happening!
It's not happening!
You came looking for sex
with an underage boy?
Like that bat-shit crazy Carlita,
I'm too old for this.
I'm sick of having
the Dominican drug-queen.
to beat y'all
all the damn time.
An average-sized man
can smuggle more cocaine
Here. This time
you're gonna beat each other.
Oh, no. I ain't come looking
for no little boys.
What?
I said beat each other.
I ain't got no milk,
no cookies, nothing.
in his rectum
than you think.
I came looking
for man's butt.
Take turns.
What--?
Something's wrong.
Or that bat-shit crazy Tara,
A man's butt?
Excuse me?
who tried to kidnap my grandson Riley.
Granddad,
you should calm down.
He's just adorable!
How am I supposed
to calm down?
Oh, I know who you are,
Chris Hansen.
I can't give him back!
You can't make me!
I'm dying
and my TV's broke.
But see I calls you
Chris Handsome.
Oh. My chest hurts.
It's a heart attack.
You can't make me!
Oh, no,
look at this.
No, my stomach hurts.
My liver's exploding.
I watch your TV show
all the time.
And that bat-shit crazy Dr. Ellen Jackson,
So you can go ahead
and bring in them cameras
who lured me with promises of romance and free checkups,
No, it's my bad knee.
The room is spinning.
and them police
is waiting outside.
Oh, no!
It don't make me
no difference.
and then tried to harvest my organs.
Now, I'll tell you what.
I like you,
and I want you.
Nigga, what you want?
Is he dead?
I don't know.
I want you over my house
cutting my grass
From now on, I'm out of the game.
Now, we can do this
the easy way,
like you supposed to be!
Well, too bad for you,
Fortunately, I don't blame myself.
Hurry, we have to call 911.
Where's the phone?
or we can do it
the hard way.
I blame all of you.
The choice is yours.
because I just took
another job.
I know many of you ladies are saying, "No, Robert!
Well, I don't think
you and I
And even though
they don't pay hardly nothing,
Oh, no!
will be doing anything
any kind of way.
You can't take that good loving away from us!"
working for white folks
look way better on my résumé.
Well, it's too late. It's gone forever.
Okay, I see
you choosing the hard way.
Damn it, this is
the fourth week in a row
And so, with no regrets, I hereby commit
Okay, cut.
This isn't working.
you canceled on me.
The yard looks like a jungle.
Facebook hari-kari.
Do we still have
to beat each other?
Someone get this guy out--
Well, Chim-Chim,
you three vine swingers
Don't make me ruin
that butt, Chris!
should feel right at home.
No. Please!
I'm a warrior!
I'll be there
when the white man
Delete!
don't need me no more.
And let this be
yet another reminder
that no matter
how much money you got,
you still just a nigga.
Ooh, I hate Ruckus!
Huey, go change your clothes
and mow the lawn.
Why do I always
have to cut the grass?
I cannot stop sneezing.
Riley's got allergies.
You just mad 'cause
you didn't think of it first.
Ow!
That didn't hurt,
punk.
Come on.
You need a physical.
Huey. Hurry up.
And I don't want
to hear that old
RILEY:
They need to put you on a diet.
"I'm dying
of a heat stroke" excuse.
No please.
I can't handle doctors.
You wanna cool down?
Cut your hair off.
TOM:
Man, this weekly jog
was a great idea,
wasn't it?
I'm not ready to face
my own mortality.
HUEY: Tom DuBois was widely known
Good day and how are you this
beautiful morning, good sir?
Look at us.
We're workout buddies.
Granddad,
it's for your own good.
to be a friend of the gay community.
I'm visiting you
to make you aware
Hey, speaking of buddies,
We need you around as long
as possible to cook
Tom was a crusader for gay marriage.
of an exciting offer
I got in landscaping
I read your Facebook
suicide note, man.
and pay the mortgage.
What if they find
He marched in gay pride parades.
and home repair work
that has just--
Uh,
I'm really sorry.
something terrible?
What if they tell me
He watched gay movies and never once turned away
I'm talking about just touched
down in your area.
I'm not just giving up
on Facebook,
I only have a month to live?
That would totally ruin
I'm giving up on women.
It's pointless.
Not interested.
W-w-wait.
the rest of this month for me.
Look. Mumia. He's free.
or even made a face during the gay sex scenes.
These women out here
are insane.
What exciting offer?
Let me ask you this:
Robert, Robert,
the key to happiness
TOM:
Wow.
I'm going home.
RILEY: Man, Granddad kinda fast.
Sean Penn is amazing.
Are you really satisfied
with your current landscaping
is to eliminate all black women
from your life.
HUEY: But beneath Tom's support
of the gay community
and home repair
service provider?
I mean, look at me.
No black women in my life.
was a dark secret.
No.
Yes, go away.
That would be
a Mr. Uncle Ruckus, right?
Look how happy I am.
I'm happy as a nigga
with a new gun.
Tom had a fear of going to jail
A portly dude, not very fond
of African-Americans?
Been awhile since
your last checkup, huh?
and being anally raped.
Now, Ruckus,
that is preposterous.
Hey, hey, hey nigga.
Says here you haven't seen
a doctor in, wow, 57 years?
You got a nice
little ass, nigga.
What if I could offer you
a better service
Oh, preposterous? Preposterous.
Really? Really?
with way lower prices
Gimme your ass, nigga.
Answer me a question:
is you happy?
Hurry up
and get to the point
You see me looking at you.
Gimme your ass.
with none of the racial
antagonism?
Sure am.
Uh-huh. See?
where you tell me
I'm gonna die?
No! Stay away!
MAN: Hey, brown skin!
How's that sounding to you?
How much?
Now, you say here you've had
some irritable bowels recently?
I'll have your shit looking
splendiferous for a wet dub.
No black women
in his life neither.
Nigga-free and that's
how he need to be.
Yeah.
And it also says here
No.
Okay, I'll drop the price to 10.
Just because I'm married
to a white woman
that you--
HUEY: The phobia got so bad
At this point
I ain't even making no money,
doesn't mean there's a single
thing wrong with black women.
DOCTOR:
Oh, um, pardon me.
he took a leave of absence from his job.
I'm just doing this
for my back arms.
But you did marry
a white woman.
Uh, Robert, this is Jessica.
Jessica, Robert.
I said no.
A cigarette and a cold glass
You have to find the woman
who makes you happy, Robert.
Eventually, he stopped leaving the house altogether.
of orange juice.
Go hustle somebody else.
She's a medical student
who will be observing today
Check this out, Pops. Because
I want your good favor so bad,
Well, black women
don't wanna be happy.
if that's okay with you.
Actually I prefer if, uh...
They squeeze out about
seven or eight of them
Finally, Tom found a program specializing in his phobia,
Patient has complained
of irritable bowels,
I went ahead and put in
a little work on the yard.
little nappy-headed children
by the time they 21,
treating patients with a combination
You what?
also diarrhea accompanied
it's all downhill from there.
by a burning sensation
in the anus
of group therapy...  ■
My name is Tom.
MAN:
That's right.
Your boy cut the grass,
Look at that.
Well, it's not really
a burning,
And I have a fear
of going to jail
manicured the little weed area,
and even did
Oh, that woman's body over
there, that's a temple.
it's more of a tingle--
And also experiencing
and being anally raped.
A black woman's body
is the Temple of Doom.
a lot of gas pains.
Extreme flatulence.
a little shrubbery art.
You planted flowers.
ALL:
Hi, Tom.
confidence-building affirmations...
You needed a little color
right there, man.
When was the last time you saw
a black woman jogging, Robert?
Well, that was, uh,
kind of a joke, really.
It wasn't any thang.
ALL:
My booty is mine.
Ask yourself that question.
And I ain't talking
about them
It belongs to me.
super steroided shemales
You cannot take my booty.
Well, I'm impressed,
young man.
in the Olympics that tuck
they testicles up, either.
...and basic self-defense.
Very impressed.
Don't meet a lot of people
Well, come to
think of it...
So when grabbed
from behind,
who take pride
in their work nowadays.
Ah-ha.
That's what I thought.
The first thing we do
is drop our center of gravity.
You ain't never seen it
because black women don't jog,
Sorry
I was so rude earlier.
You earned this.
Then, we thrust
our hips backwards
that way
they don't sweat out
Yo, man, I-- I was cool
with the orange juice.
all them industrial-strength
and our arms forward,
breaking the hold.
No, no, no. You take it.
toxic avenger
chemicals they use
I really appreciate this,
Pops. Seriously.
to straighten up
they hair.
Okay, Tom.
Now, I'll do you
Mm, Sarah
loves to jog.
Matter of fact, man, let's go
look at some hos, on me.
and you try to get me off.
Well, of course she do.
Sarah is a human being.
Give it to me straight, doc.
Huh?
Yeah. House of Cheeks
Robert--
I can't!
Okay, fellas,
enough of the guy talk,
No! I'm too young to die.
with the bungalow
booty bitches.
It was a long road to recovery.
gibber-gabber,
talkie-talk.
You know, they probably
just now cracking the doors.
There's so many things
I haven't done.
PRINCIPAL:
This is the third time
your boys have been caught
Can we just start
running already? Come on.
Beers is cold
and the bitches ain't sweaty.
I want my novel to be
on Oprah's book of the month.
fighting this quarter,
Mr. Freeman.
Come on, let's go and,
you know, see some ass.
You coming?
I ain't running with y'all
This time, it was a brawl
against five other boys.
Robert,
from what I can see
two niggas in the park.
there's a bunch of stuff
wrong with you,
Police might shoot me
by mistake.
What happened to him?
He got in the way.
but none that is immediately
life-threatening.
See you on the
other side, nigga.
But what I'm most
worried about
You have two options,
Mr. Freeman.
The first is that both
of your boys
is your stress level.
Is this how you normally
are expelled from school.
react to stressful
situations, Robert?
Ooh,
I'll take that one.
Man, this is fun.
More or less.
But you have to understand,
Pick that one,
Granddad!
Oh.
And, uh,
what's the other?
It's been awhile
since I had someone to go
my life is more stressful
than most people.
to a strip club with.
So thanks.
We send your boys to prison.
My one grandson
is a domestic terrorist
Hold up. Don't you think
that's a little--
I didn't even
get your name.
and the other one
is a public menace.
This is a permission slip
for our Scared Stiff program.
Just call me Lando.
Mm.
Robert, Robert, Robert, a lot
of people have stressful lives.
Lando, you mean like
Lando Calrissian?
Mm, mm, mm.
Delinquent students
visit a real jail
Now your problem
is how you handle the stress.
Well, Lando's really
my daddy's name.
so they can interact
with real inmates
and see the real future
that awaits them
Or that's what Moms
told a nigga,
Now, I'm gonna give you
a bunch of pills to take,
if they continue with their
pathological behavior.
since I never knew him.
She met him right when
but I believe if you don't get
your stress under control,
Ooh, I change my mind,
Granddad!
The Empire Strikes Back  ■
came out.
I'm sorry,
you don't mind
you're gonna kill yourself.
You know,
people used to call me Lando.
Pick jail! Pick jail!
if I stop here, do you?
I remember that summer:
1980, Chicago.
Uh, no.
You-- You're jogging?
Please let me go to jail!
Well, just love keeping
myself in shape.
Tom, do you have something
Best summer of my life.
I knew it was gonna be
my year.
It's murder on my hair,
but you know,
you'd like to share
with the group?
GRANDDAD:
Hey, hold on there!
And boy I milked it for all it was worth.
no point in having the best
hair at my own funeral.
I'm a sick old man,
I can't move as fast
Why, yes I do.
My name is Tom.
And I am no longer afraid
Now, of course I wasn't as smooth as Billy Dee,
Ebony.
Ebony Brown.
as I used to.
'Sup, old nigga?
Got your lifetime supply
of Viagra right here. Ha-ha.
of going to prison
and being anally raped.
or good-looking as Billy Dee,
I'm just kidding.
I know it ain't Viagra
and I definitely didn't have no Billy Dee money,
'cause I already looked.
Give me that.
That's fantastic, Tom.
Boys,
guess what.
And to prove it,
tomorrow I'm going to prison.
but thank God some women were so desperate
How dare you
open my package.
they just didn't care.
I met a woman,
and she asked me out on a date.
I'm just fucking
with you, old nigga.
MAN: Did he say--?
HUEY: Grab the gun.
RILEY: Got it.
What you got to eat
in this motherfucker?
I've agreed to chaperone
a Scared Stiff program.
I remember this one gal.
You get the sword.
Hey, what you doing
with all them pills for,
I'm taking a group
of troubled youths to prison
Hurry up,
get to the car.
Her name was
Marietta.
old nigga? You starting
a pharmacy or some shit?
Where she at? Do we need
to sneak out the back?
My doctor gave me these pills.
so they can mend
their ways.
Oh, she was hot.
It was like I was doing it
Well, that's excellent, Tom.
I like this one.
She's different.
Man. I ain't never
took you as a sucker
with the same caliber of women
as Billy Dee himself.
Your dating life has been
a serious threat
MAN:
Whoa, man,
are you sure about that?
for the fucking
pharmaceutical companies.
Moms was a big
Billy Dee fan.
to the safety of you,
the people in this house--
Always trying to sell you
some synthetic chemical
Absolutely.
I'm looking forward to it.
In the day we would go see Empire Strikes Back,
And really the entire
neighborhood.
that don't do nothing
but make you sicker.
See? Tom is going to face
his fears head on.
Not her, I met her
at the park.
Well, he's a doctor
and you're a dumb ass,
and at night we'd have
some serious,
And he's gonna walk out
of that prison with his rectum
no-holds barred freaky deaky
bareback action.
What was she doing in the park
in the middle of the day? Huh?
so I'm listening to him.
I don't never take
no pills.
Whoo!
For real?
She was jogging.
She looking for
Not that I can afford 'em,
and his peace of mind
intact.
You have to understand,
some lonely old man
to take advantage of.
'cause a nigga don't got health
insurance and shit, but still.
this was in the days before
AIDS.
Way to go, Tom!
MAN: Way to go, buddy.
So there was no consequences
whatsoever.
Really?
I guess it's possible.
I don't take no aspirin,
Anybody wanna come
with me?
Know what? I'm gonna call her
and cancel our date.
no fucking ibuprofen,
none of that.
That's so funny.
ALL: No.
Moms used to say
the same thing.
Now this shit
right here, nigga,
No? Okay.
Can you just take
it slow this time?
It was just like:
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
Maybe not bring
her back here
this all
the medicine I need.
SARAH:
Honey, it is great
that you're making
Bang, bang, bang,
bang, bang.
until you're sure she's safe.
Never mind.
What is that?
Is that reefer?
so much progress
with the therapy,
I always wondered
what happened to her.
I said I was giving up on women
and that's what I'm gonna do.
No, nigga,
it's weed.
but I just don't want you
I guess I'll never know.
Gone for good.
Reefer the same thing
as weed.
to think you have to prove
anything to anyone.
Maybe your problem with women
is you pick crazy ones.
What?
Keep it down, I have kids.
I will never,
ever in a million years
Oh, honey--
Look, I'm not worried
But you can't hold that against
What, I can't say "weed"?
Shh.
know what happened to her.
about your safety,
Oh, well.
every new woman you meet.
Don't you always complain
How dare you bring drugs
into my house.
but I'd hate for you to have
a bad experience
You know, my mom's name
was Marietta.
You can get us
arrested.
about women who can't
let go of their baggage?
and go back to
how you were.
You know,
I was thinking about
Really. What a random,
Don't be a hypocrite,
Granddad.
Man, don't you keep up
with current events?
becoming
a defense attorney.
completely
unrelated coincidence
Weed ain't illegal
no more, nigga.
But how can I do that
that has nothing
to do with me.
Be a hypocrite,
Granddad.
Really?
Hell, yeah.
if I'm too scared
to step foot in prison?
Obama came through
and changed all that shit.
Pops. I don't even know
how to say this, man,
How would I meet
with the clients?
I didn't know he did that.
Wow! Tom.
I had no idea.
Yeah, man. So stop being
so damn scared.
but I didn't come here
just to do your yard.
Imagine it, sweetie.
Huh?
I came to Woodcrest
I don't know. I knew a guy once
who smoked some weed
Saving people
from anal rape
because I think
you're my dad.
that was laced
with angel dust,
instead of sending them
to it.
Yes, she does.
Really nice ones. Oh, yeah.
Hello, there, chimpan--
Uh, monkey--
And that's what this trip
is about.
and he ended up running down
the street
I mean,
Negro female.
These boys need
this trip.
Mm-hm.
No, no, I said
in his underwear and woke up
in a chicken coop.
I think you're my dad.
Welcome to-- Oh.
They don't fear
jail at all,
Nigga, that was  Friday.
Was it?
which means they'll probably
end up there
Don't worry about the tab.
I got the next round.
No, no, I said...
Ruckus, how can you work at all
these places at one time?
Besides, man, ain't nobody
fucked with this,
if no one does anything.
I know the nigga
that grew it.
Hello, Robert.
What a surprise
Don't you see, honey?
Shit, I watched him
take the bud off.
If I'm afraid
to live my life
Wait, wait, hold on.
Wait, hold on.
to see you here
with your
You need to grow up
and get high.
female companion.
then the anal rapists win.
I knew it. I knew you
were a scam artist the moment
As a matter of fact,
since I'm the type of nigga
Robert,
who's this?
My anus
is gonna be fine.
I laid eyes on you.
Pops, please, man.
This is just
the valet guy.
that cares about
your health,
And I'm gonna make sure
those young boys' anuses
I'm gonna give you
this joint, nigga.
Please, man,
just give me a second.
Mr. Valet Guy,
can I speak to you over here
are just fine too.
Shame on you trying to scam
an old man.
I don't want your joint.
This just ain't no joint.
about the car?
Mowing his lawn, trimming his
shrubs, planting some color.
No, it's a-- Well--
Well, it is a joint,
Robert Freeman, I swear
every time I'm ready
Pause.
but it's a damn good one.
I don't ever want
to see you around here again.
TOM:
Okay, guys,
remember to stay
to count you amongst
the smartest of the accursed
Nigga, this shit
will change your life.
Oh, come on, man.
with the group at all times.
sons of Ham, you manage
to prove me wrong.
Hey, what y'all
talking about?
And remember,
nothing metal in your pockets.
Pops, man, wait.
Huh? Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Wait, Pop, Pop.
I want you to leave us alone
tonight, Ruckus.
The guards will take it away
from you
He was just talking about
You my ride!
You're not gonna ruin this.
We're just going to get
and you won't
get it back, okay?
going on tour with
the Fat Boys or something.
to know each other.
Oh, really? Really?
Ah, okay, this is it.
Congrats, tell Prince
Markie Dee I said hi.
Granddad, it's not like
you did anything wrong.
Well, I'll tell you everything
you need to know right now:
All right, alrighty.
My name is Uncle Ruckus,
Volunteer Corrections Officer.
He's not my son.
I mean, you had no way to know.
She got kids,
she got a police record,
Okay, old nigga.
Later, Riley.
Did you hear what I just said?
He's not my son.
and she got debt up
to her wide nostrils.
Next stop, Willie Horton
Maximum Security Prison.
Who are the Fat Boys?
And I don't ever
want to hear
Well, we'll see
about that.
the name Lando
in this house again.
Now, you white
children be prepared.
But you just
leave us alone.
And no one is allowed
to watch  Empire Strikes Back
This is gonna be
like a trip to the zoo.
or  The Return of the Jedi
ever again either.
EBONY:
I've never been here.
: High blood pressure
got you down?
But do not worry,
GRANDDAD:
Mm, you smell so good, Ebony.
your Uncle Ruckus
will protect you.
EBONY:
Thank you.
Ask your doctor if Zortafrinex is right for you.
And as for you Negroes,
Mm, everything
looks great.
In clinical trials, Zortafrinex was proven
well, this just gonna be
like a trip to the future.
Hey, Pops.
to lower blood pressure. Ask your doctor
So it should be exciting
for everybody!
Robert?
Uh.
before taking Zortafrinex. Women, pregnant women,
You. I told you
to get away from here.
Come on aboard!
Is something wrong?
Nothing's wrong.
and most men should not take it. Known side effects:
We got mm-hm, all right...
I tried to be nice.
Now I'm calling the police.
Just very excited to get
to know you, that's all.
dry mouth, upset stomach, mild death, blindness,
You're trespassing
on private property.
Wait, where's Riley?
Tell me about yourself.
heart attack, difficulty breathing
Hey, Pops, I'm not
stalking you or nothing,
What do you wanna know?
Anything.
and rectal fungus. Almost all who took it
Riley, what are you doing?
I'm just over here doing
some work for the DuBois'.
You can tell me, uh, about
the last time you were arrested,
experienced a severe loss in sexual performance.
Nothing.
Give it here.
Big Tom, big Tom.
What's the business, baby?
or a funny story about
the collection agent,
Come on.
Please stop taking it immediately
or about one of your
many, many, many kids.
if you feel mild discomfort on or in testicles,
Keep sending them dumbass
niggas to jail, big dude.
as this can be a sign of an unpleasant
Riley, I am very
disappointed in you.
They ham-ass know they shouldn't
have did that shit.
I've never been arrested,
side effect known as total scrotal implosion.
Anyway, the hot water fixed
in the guest bathroom,
and I don't have
any kids,
Now go get on that bus.
We going inside, Mr. DuBois.
If total scrotal implosion should occur,
and I have
perfect credit.
so you all good.
The guests can drop a deuce,
call your doctor.  If you cannot move or talk
Anything
can happen in there.
Really?
wash they booger hooks,
get fresh, disinfect.
Uh...
due to the pain of total scrotal implosion,
I gots to have
my shank.
I need to use
the restroom.
please have a loved one call your doctor.
You want me make you one?
No prob. Know what I'm talking
about? Popping your collar.
I brought
an extra toothbrush.
Ruckus,
you were wrong.
There is no cure for total scrotal implosion.
Now.
Man, if something happens,
Oh, man,
you are a godsend.
No record, no kids,
no nothing.
Zortafrinex, always the right choice.
She passed
the test.
it's your fault.
Robert, I guess we have you
to thank for Lando, huh?
She didn't
pass the test.
What's that supposed to mean?
I didn't give him life,
She just smarter
than you.
RILEY: Anything can happen
in there.
Let me talk to her.
No.
Don't you go over there,
Ruckus.
If something happens, it's your fault.
if that's what you're implying.
I told him you were
But--
Leave me alone, I gotta go pee.
Anything can happen in there. We going inside, Mr. DuBois.
the first one to give
a brother a chance
to show what I can do.
And don't worry, Lando,
I'm gonna make some calls
as well.
Hey, you know I gotta put
my folks on.
I'm okay, thanks.
You know how we do.
Yeah.
Whew, don't mess it up.
Where's this guy been
all our lives, huh?
Be calm, take it slow.
Mm-hm, hot date,
tonight, huh, brother?
See you later.
Yeah, it's like everything
she says is perfect.
What is your game?
Blackmail? Extortion?
What do you want
from me?
But I'm taking it slow,
just getting to know each other.
Mm-hm.
My mother left a journal.
She said she got pregnant
by a man she loved very much,
There you go.
Good luck, brother.
whose nickname was Lando.
And there was this.
MAN:
Put my finger
in your ass, man.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's tougher
to shock kids nowadays.
All I have is a 5.
Man, I ain't come here
to steal nothing from you, man.
All right,
I'll take that for now.
They already know
what goes on in jail.
Well, don't you think
a 5 is a bit much?
But we do our best to scare
the living shit out of them.
I just wanted to find my pops
and tell him
All you did was turn the water
on and hand me a paper towel.
that I thank him for skeeting
that life into Moms, man.
I didn't even ask for it.
You don't have to ask for that.
CONVICT:
Some of you are here today
'cause you think jail is cool.
I just wanted to tell him
I love him very much,
Oh, my God.
It comes with
the service, nigga,
But see y'all wouldn't
know nothing about that shit.
and I respect him
for everything he did, man.
just like the assortment
of gums, mints, lotions,
It's beautiful.
Ain't shit cool
about jail, nyukka!
Get away from me.
You can't be my son.
You too ugly to be my son.
Oh, okay. I-I get it.
and hair care products.
MAN:
Ain't nothing cool.
I been here 10 years,
and I ain't never getting out.
But I didn't use any of that
stuff, I just had to pee.
The problem
ain't having a son,
Now I'm happy to tip,
but a 5 is too much.
I ain't do much.
Just kill somebody.
i-it's just having
me as a son, huh?
It ain't like the nyukka
ain't have it coming.
I want you out of this
neighborhood
Too much? For sitting
a foot and a half away
and out of my life forever.
You got that?
from piss and shit
and nasty-ass farts
Yo, you smell that?
MAN: He sure did.
Y'all think
it's just about us in here,
Everybody do things
on they own time.
Yeah, but it can't be
what I think it is.
but this is about
an oppressive,
from you motherfuckers
for six hours straight, nigga?
I ain't in no rush.
I ain't even tripping.
fucked-up system
designed to keep niggas
I shouldn't have
to go to the ATM
BOTH:
Breakfast.
Only thing is, I don't know
what your Casio looking like.
down and shit.
every time I wanna
use the bathroom.
GRANDDAD:
We got pancakes, waffles,
Y'all wouldn't know
nothing about that.
But you know, whenever
you wanna holler at your boy,
pork sausage, turkey sausage,
Nigga, get your ass
away from my commodes.
What about you, little nigga?
Fuck you.
No, no, no, you don't.
veggie sausage,
eggs Benedict,
I'm right here, man,
posted like a lamp.
You know about that?
Yes.
I love you, Pops. I ain't never
gonna stop loving you.
smoked salmon omelets,
hash browns
Get your ass back here
with my mints.
Oh, you know about that?
Tell me
what you know about that!
Never.
You lucky I ain't allowed
to leave this bathroom, nigga.
and of course huevos rancheros.
Tell me what you think
about that!
Or I can make you something
else if you like.
The prison-industrial complex
is a system situated
GRANDDAD:
I'm sorry to stop by
on such short notice.
Granddad, why'd you make
all this food?
at the intersection
of government
Oh, I always hear
y'all complain about
I didn't really know
who else to turn to.
Because my boys have to grow up
to be big and strong.
and private interests.
It uses prisons as a solution
to social, political,
Come on, Pops.
You know it ain't no thang,
a shortage of black men.
I'm eating this bowl
of Cheerios because,
I'm here to help. So you need
a person, uh, removed?
Well, clearly
you hadn't checked jail.
you know what? The cholesterol's
not gonna lower itself.
and economic problems.
Ha, jail?
It includes
human rights violations,
Yes.
You mean, like,
I can't do any
better than jail?
the death penalty,
removed from the Earth?
Oh, now you too good
for jail, is that it?
slave labor,
policing, courts,
No. I mean like removed
from the neighborhood.
the media,
political prisoners,
Oh-ho-ho, so you want him
kidnapped.
A jail nigga was
good enough for momma,
and the elimination of dissent.
but not good enough
for you, huh?
Well, kinda.
Not really.
Ruckus, stop.
Nigga, did you just say
Can't you just take him
someplace really far away
Ebony, don't listen to him,
he's half-retarded.
what I was trying to say
but smarter?
like South America
or Africa or something?
He's only got
one eye.
No, no,
Robert, Robert.
Well, you realize
that if you don't kill him
I'm doing this
for your own good.
Goddamn, that was
the best Cheerios
I like this little nigga.
I ever had in my life.
But you left one thing out,
little nigga.
there's nothing preventing him
from coming back.
Robert, your friend
is too funny.
That wasn't a regular
Cheerios, was it?
Show of hands, how many people
ever raped a man.
Well, if you took him
really far away,
BOTH: Wha--?
I mean,
No, no, that--
That had to be Honey Nut.
his views are obviously
reprehensible,
he wouldn't have
enough money to come back.
RILEY:
Pause. Heh-heh.
but there's just enough truth
to make me examine myself
Mm.
I don't know.
I just want him to go away.
Uh-huh. How many people
ever been raped by a man?
Okay, okay, okay, okay,
back up.
It had to be Honey Nut.
It tastes like Honey Nut.
in a critical light.
Plus, he's hilarious
RILEY:
Pause again.
Who we talking about?
It tastes
like Cheerios but...
All of them.
One hundred percent.
His name is Lando.
Oh, shit, Lando?
and thus oddly likeable.
You can't get no higher
than that, nyukka.
Huh?
nuts dipped in honey.
Mm-hm.
Well, it's, uh--
You step in here,
you getting raped.
The new handyman?
Right up the motherfucking
brown eye, baby.
I-It's a-- It's a pleasure
to meet you as well,
Man, that motherfucker
is cold with that landscaping.
GRANDDAD:
Oh, you boys broke the TV again.
ma'am.
I raped a few niggas myself.
So then Jesse tried
to say that
What's your beef with him?
He's a con man
I ain't really enjoy it,
not that much.
pretending to be my son.
Oh, I see.
I ordered the cheese sandwich
and that I ate
You know what's funny?
Shit, it felt good
to the motherfucker though.
But he ain't your son?
He is absolutely, positively,
Martin Luther King's
chicken pesto.
But I always ordered
the chicken pesto.
When you think about it,
I ain't let that nigga
kiss me or nothing,
all this stuff
is really yours.
almost virtually
certainly not.
Martin started ordering
it after I started ordering it.
but I did tear that
motherfucking ass up, nigga,
Shit,
he seemed cool to me.
I mean, how much longer
am I gonna be around?
I ain't gonna lie about it.
And so Jesse Jackson tried
to stand up all swole.
Because I'm really, really,
really, really old.
But that's what the Man's
You know how some people
you just like right off the bat?
oppressive system did to me.
And I said,
and pardon my language,
But yeah, shit,
I say kill him.
This is your house.
This is your stuff.
Now, me?
"You know what, Jesse?
I'm sick of you."
I'm more
of a romantic type.
Kill him?
I don't wanna kill him.
This is your TV.
And then he pulled
out a knife and said,
You can break it
if you want to. I don't care.
I'll still rape you,
but I'll definitely stroke
All right, all right,
the only other choice might be
"Nigga, I'm gonna cut
your nuts off." So I said,
your head lovingly
while I do it.
to get one of them DNA tests
"Ah, fuck it, it's only
a sandwich." True story.
Damn, I liked my TV.
See, cause I want you
to like it.
to prove
you ain't the father.
Now, you don't have
to like it.
Really? Where do you get
one of those tests done?
I can't believe it,
that actually happened?
But I--
Oh, I know one place
that do it for free.
Stuff like that
happen to me all the time.
Sorry. I was distracted
I don't think he was playing.
He wanted to cut my nuts off.
What's up old nigga?
You got a pickup?
by that fine motherfucker
right there.
MAN: Coming up next,
Do you know
how amazing that is?
No. I wanted to tell you
I smoked that, you know...
What's your name,
fine motherfucker?
on  The Steve Wilkos Show.
I, uh...
MAN: What's your name?
I just wanna know
who my real father is.
Do you-- Do you know
how amazing your life is?
Don't think that's, um--
Tom.
Moms always said
his nickname was Lando.
That joint?
Shh.
Okay, now let's talk
about Tom.
Well, Robert.
Hope you not feeling
You liked it. That shit was
off the chain, wasn't it?
Didn't you used to call
yourself Lando?
this credit crunch,
because you just spent
I couldn't believe it. I never
felt anything like this before.
Tom is the type of nigga
Didn't you? Answer me!
Stand up!
a shit-ton
to feed this wildebeest.
that gives us
wet dreams up in here.
Don't even think
about sitting on my stage.
Wildebeest?
Can you get me some more?
Maybe two, six or seven?
Medium brown.
Soft features.
Tall and in shape,
Stand up!
But my knees hurt.
Oh, well, this one's
on the wildebeest.
You called my job
and scheduled a pickup
but still soft and squishy.
Get your ass up.
What kind of man
doesn't bother to see his kid
just so you could hit me up
for more trees?
Now, I like to put
the jelly inside my ass.
That's rude, man.
Here we go,
you just won't learn.
First rule of being a smoker
is it's bad manners
Then put some of this peanut
butter on top of it.
for 30 years?
Thirty fucking years?
I checked her out.
I'm telling you she's wonderful.
to keep bumming
all the damn time.
B-But I didn't know--
You know what I wanna do?
Better than wonderful.
Well, why did you want me
to smoke it
I call it a peanut butter-jelly
and asshole sandwich.
Sure she's not
gonna hurt anybody?
if I wasn't supposed to ask for
more? Let me buy some off you.
I wanna beat
the living shit out of you!
Almost positive.
But Tom here
will be calling it lunch.
Or maybe put me in touch
with your supplier.
All right, Granddad.
Go ahead, fall in love again.
MAN:
Yeah, nigga!
Whoa, easy there,
big fella.
I don't know, he's picky with
his clientele.
You know what the system
does when you come to prison?
He doing it again,
Huey.
I will not be easy on you!
In the streets they call him
"The Weed Kingpin."
I fucking hate you!
I can see it
in his eye.
They strip you.
They strip you mentally,
She's coming
over tonight.
You make me wanna--
And you two are going
to behave. Got it?
But he might fuck with you,
you know,
emotionally,
and they strip you naked.
'cause you with fucking
with me and shit.
Why don't you just sign your
retirement benefits over to her?
But-ass naked! What the fuck
is you looking at nigga?
Before the show
you took a DNA test.
All your bank
accounts too.
Punch you right in your
motherfucking temple, nigga.
You just met her
yesterday.
What's taking so long?
Shut up.
Now, just stick with me,
and don't say no dumb shit.
Give me your clothes.
MAN: Beat his ass.
And the results
of the DNA test are...
You're supposed
to be scaring the kids.
And you,
you an enabler.
Hey, Otis.
Good to see you.
I said give me your clothes.
Robert is--
Enabling-ass nigga.
Who's this?
Your friend, Robert?
Start with your shoes. Hurry up.
I'm not a narc, heh-heh.
You need some help?
I got it.
Uh, you wanna check me
for a wire?
I'm not wearing one
so it's okay if you do.
Now you see this, kids?
You really,
: Steve. Steve.
Steve. Steve.
EBONY:
Seriously?
In fact, uh,
this may be a bad idea.
Yeah.
really, don't want this
to happen to you, okay?
Robert,
Well, I understand
why Robert
Now are you looking
for anything in particular?
you are the father.
was worried at first.
I mean, uh, a certain
kind of high?
CONVICT:
And your shirt too,
nigga! Hurry up!
There's a lot of
crazy women out there.
You are the sack
from which I come.
Ma'am, we are so happy
you showed up.
I just need something
to lower my stress.
MAN:
Take it off!
CONVICT:
Okay. Y'all
motherfuckers looking, huh?
You are the sack from--
Let's see, we got Bubba Kush,
Lavender Kush,
That's the-- That's the pair
that I came from.
Bravo, bravo,
bravo.
Tom just got his motherfucking
manhood tested.
Yes, that is a very impressive
set of prepared responses.
Telly Savalas Kush,
Look at them number one's
that I came from.
And he failed.
He should have knocked
uh, oh, gee, Scarlett Johansson.
I came out
that tube right there.
Ruckus? What are you doing here?
How did you get in?
my motherfucking
head off.
Good-looking man.
Yes.
And you know
what that means, don't you?
It's okay, Robert,
really.
Hey, I even got one named
after me, nigga.
Tom, you getting raped.
How you feel now?
Deadbeat. Huh?
I think it's great that your
friends care so much about you.
It's good for sitting
on the couch all day
Wait, I didn't know.
I-- I--
When you go to prison,
the most important thing
Robert, may I use
your little girl's room?
and not doing shit.
You know what?
You finally gonna take
responsibility
in your life
is gonna be booty.
or are you gonna keep making
excuses, you pussy punk bitch?
Try this.
It's called Black Pearl.
So how did you
two kids meet in a park
MAN:
Better listen to him.
What's it gonna do?
A man's butt.
in the middle
of a workday?
You'll see.
Booty, getting some booty
Hey, nigga, don't call my daddy
no pussy punk bitch.
Taking a long lunch?
is more important
than eating food.
Look at him.
He is a pussy punk bitch.
Well, I run
a non-profit organization,
HUEY:
Man, we've looked up
the side effects
It's more important
than drinking water.
so my hours are flexible.
to all of Granddad's pills,
Wow, so what kind
of work do you do?
and none of them
make you a happier, calmer,
If I see a man I like,
I tell him like this here:
Well, up until recently
we raised money
more well-adjusted person.
I likes you, and I want you.
to find a cure
for Patterson's disease.
Well, something going on.
Patterson's disease?
I've never heard of it.
I don't know
who that nigga is downstairs,
Now, we can do this
the easy way,
RILEY:
I hate to say this, Granddad,
Yes, nor have I.
but he ain't Granddad.
or we can do it
the hard way.
but you did look like
a pussy punk bitch.
Well, it's a very serious
terminal illness.
The choice is yours.
MAN: What you want?
You should have stuck
with your story.
Well, it was
a serious illness.
What's it gonna be?
It was a DNA test.
Well, study next time.
We cured it.
Wow, you cured it?
Granddad, we need to talk.
MAN 1: Say it, nigga.
I asked you a question, Tom.
Ow!
Granddad,
Of course, what is it,
Grandson?
Yep.
I've never heard
MAN 2: I can't hear you.
MAN 3: Say it, Tom!
there's no use beating
yourself up.
of one of those foundations
actually curing anything.
Man, where the real
Granddad?
I-I don't want to answer.
Yeah, Steve Wilkos
already did that.
Yes, that sure is amazing
What you do with him?
Uh, excuse me
I didn't hear you, Tom.
I can't believe
all this time, a son.
that you cured
that disease
that ain't nobody
ever heard of.
Riley, you so crazy.
I said I-I don't want to answer.
A son named Lando.
Oh, tell us, tell us,
what other incredible things
Look, boys,
I went to the doctor
I don't wanna...
Granddad,
it's not all your fault.
have you done
that only you know about?
I don't wanna do this
anymore.
This doesn't make you
a horrible person.
and had a wake-up call,
and I decided
Sound like to me
you want it the hard way.
It's all your fucking fault!
Were you guys just talking
I'm not gonna sweat
the small stuff anymore.
about Patterson's disease?
Yes. You've heard of it?
MAN:
Give it to him!
You're a horrible fucking person!
I'm the same granddaddy
that you know and love.
GUARD:
Out of the way!
My Nana had
Patterson's disease.
Oh, why me?
Why did he do this to me?
I'm happy, I feel good,
and from now on
All right,
everybody calm down!
Oh, hon.
I never knew that.
Calm down! Now we taking
over the prison.
I'm going
to appreciate life.
Granddad, it seems like
he just wants the chance
She cured it.
Oh, my God,
Yeah, but that person
is nothing like the Granddad
So back up! Back up!
to get to know his dad.
Which means you have to be a man
you saved my Nana's life.
Back up! Back up!
we know and love.
Yeah, our Granddad
You can't have my booty!
and own up to this.
don't appreciate nothing.
You may not
owe him anything else,
You an imposter.
but you do owe him that.
You're wonderful.
You are.
Man,
I say be a real nigga
GUARD:
Get him! Get him!
and don't own up
to nothing.
You boys are hilarious.
You got it right
the first time.
Pretend it
never happened.
Congratulations,
Robert.
Don't forget tonight's
my bongo night.
Who cares about the show?
She's amazing.
You guys can stay
over at Tom's.
Anybody asks,
it ain't yours.
Now, now, we're just
taking it slow.
Now give your Granddaddy
a hug.
I tell you all,
it's a trap.
I'm so glad
we had this talk.
Congratulations, Daddy.
Oh, you must be so proud.
Beneath that baby-soft lotiony
exterior, them wide,
inviting hips, and that ample
chocolate bosom
A 198-pound bouncing baby
adult Negro.
Man, I just feel bad
for the real Granddad.
is a savage, Africanized,
pot-boiling, bone-in-the-nose,
doing-a-monkey-dance,
He probably tied up in some
basement somewhere, scared.
Boy, they grow up so fast--
REPORTER:
And more reports coming
in that hostages
You know, Robert,
any boy can make a baby,
We gotta find him, Huey.
playing-drums female.
are being held
inside the prison.
but it takes a real man--
Ruckus, get the hell on.
Go.
Before it's too late.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe this.
Shut the fuck up.
I'm sick of this shit.
Hey, you may as well
be fucking an orangutan.
GRANDDAD:
Hey, hey, don't blame me,
I said kill him.
Didn't I tell you?
She's perfect.
She's the perfect woman.
I can't find
You also told me to go on
that stupid show.
anything wrong with her.
Right, Granddad,
WOMAN: Hello, 911 emergency.
What is he doing
over there?
Oh, my God. Listen,
you have to help!
Hey, you ain't tell me
you was actually
maybe she not a ho.
Maybe she just
the man's daddy.
That's bad intel.
marry you and take
everything when you die.
Sounds like he's dying.
You know, he's always been
a little strange.
Help me, please! Sir, please calm down.
I can't be held responsible
for no bad intel.
Let's call her
a businesswoman.
Man, I'm about
to go look.
What's your emergency?
I didn't know
I was his daddy.
All right, boys,
time for bed.
I'm inside William Horton
Maximum Security Prison
Now everybody knows.
What am I supposed to do?
Come on, guys,
you know the rules.
Say good night
to Miss Ebony.
Way I see it, you got
two options. Option one,
Huey, Riley,
Robert said no going back home
during bongo time.
and they attacked
the guards.
it was great meeting
the both of you.
I think there's
a riot happening.
I'm sorry.
Look, I don't know
which I don't recommend,
is to work it out.
HUEY:
It was quite a relief
to meet you, Miss Ebony.
They've got hostages too.
who that fake-ass
Granddad is over there,
Children. Oh, my God,
I left the children.
You don't recommend
working it out?
I hope we can hang out
again before you steal
but we gotta find out
what's going on.
No, but it's a option.
Sir, where did you say you were again?
You guys are both grown,
all my Granddad's money.
Maybe he's on drugs.
I'm inside the prison.
you try to come to terms
with it. Get to know each other,
You guys are overreacting.
How long before the cops
come in and save us?
make up for some lost time.
Now, I ain't saying
Your granddad just wants
a little privacy
Well, I wouldn't hold your breath.
to release
his creative juices,
it's gonna be a easy
adjustment,
Yeah, I got a guy on the phone that says
and there's nothing wrong
with that.
he's at Horton Prison.
but, I mean, there's counseling,
therapy.
I-I don't know, I'll ask.
This person could enrich
your life
Uh, sir, have they raped you yet?
in ways you can't
even imagine.
Ha-ha-ha!  ■
Have they raped--
No! What kind of a fucked
up question is that?
Yeah, Huey said something
like that.
JAZMINE:
What's going on?
But I never listen to him.
Now, I still say
Shit.
the smarter move
is option two,
It's the cops.
which is just let me put two
in the back his head
Wait. Riley, wait.
and be done with it.
Huh? No.
Ah!
The world, yes, it is
Hello?
AUTOMATED VOICE:  Hello.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
don't worry about the fee.
Revolution
Oh, daddy.
You have a collect call from a correctional facility from:
I ain't gonna rape you
on the price.
You ain't got to worry
about that.
No. I don't want you
to kill him.
TOM:
Oh, my God.
Maybe I should
just work it out.
GRANDDAD:
Sweet thing, you.
Ew.
AUTOMATED VOICE: Do you accept the call?
Look, I can name at least
two or three instances
EBONY:
Wait. Can we turn the lights on?
RILEY:
I'm gonna be sick.
Yes! Yes!
TOM:  Honey!
in my life where I tried
to work out some shit
Oh, Tom! What's wrong?
I like to be able to see.
GRANDDAD: Lights on?
I was in the prison, and...
by trying to find
some mutual understanding,
OFFICER:
Aw, somebody get him
a blanket, for God's sake.
I just put on
some weight recently.
and I can tell you
it's always faster
Riley had a shank and I--
I didn't throw it away
TOM:
You scarred my baby
for life, Robert!
and easier to just kill 'em.
It just is.
I'd rather keep it very,
very dark.
and then it started a riot.
Uh, just use
your imagination.
I don't want you
to kill him. Damn.
Damn it, who let
that booty get away?
Don't know why
you keep bringing it up.
You're so funny.
Don't look at me, I was fighting
with the guards.
All right, up to you,
Okay.
Whatever you like.
but I think you should keep
that option open.
Well, what do we do now?
Ask him, it was his idea.
Matter of fact,
Lando's outside
I thought you had some
escape plan worked out.
doing some work on the shrubs,
I'll call him in right now.
I'm so ashamed.
Riley, this isn't funny.
Wasn't no escape plan.
Just let me know what
you want to do. All right?
Yes, it is.
Uh, booty is more
important than escaping.
Lando!
What?
Granddad was smoking weed.
So I said to myself
when I seen that shank,
Lando's here?
No, wait.
Smokey. Smokey.
"This an opportunity for me
to get some booty."
Pops, what's going on?
That was it? Nigga,
I thought you had demands.
He wanted to talk
to you, Lando.
Boys, can you ever
forgive me?
Oh, I had demands.
He wants to try to,
uh, work this out.
I had demands
to get some booty.
I don't think
it's a big deal, really.
I thought this was supposed
to be some Attica type shit.
Look, man, I'm sorry
about what happened
No, Huey.
It's a very big deal.
Now, how y'all think
that make me feel?
on that show.
I mean, I didn't know
That's why drugs
are so dangerous.
that nigga Steve Wilkos
was a dick like that.
Y'all let the booty get away.
Then you get addicted,
and it destroys your life,
Now I got to go
hunt down the booty. Damn.
I swear I don't need
nothing from you, man,
and the lives
of those around you.
except a chance
to be, maybe,
You start playing the bongos
really loud
a small part of your life,
man. Just a small one.
and then you turn all
Bobby and Whitney on us.
Tom!
Thank you, Rummy, man.
I appreciate you
giving of yourself
I've learned my lesson.
RUCKUS:
Please. Do what you want
I'm never ever, ever,
ever gonna smoke weed again.
to them two little
gorilla chimps over there.
to help sort
this thing out.
Ain't no sweat, partner.
But leave these beautiful
little white children alone.
You know
I'm in your corner.
So, what's it going
to be, Robert?
Uh, option one
or option two?
Are you gonna rape us?
Hey. There's big Bobby.
Do we look like priests?
We ain't gonna hurt no kids.
Option one. Option one.
Option one it is.
No, no, no, no, no.
I got something special
for you today.
Now, that's good. That's good.
I said option one.
Okay.
Ooh, lay it on me, man.
But it is okay
if you do hurt them.
Well, which one
was option one?
EBONY:
Wait, wait, wait.
Let me guess, let me guess.
They call it "Skywalker."
Hey, nigga. Hey,
didn't I just say
What's option one?
Getting to know each other.
we ain't gonna hurt no kids?
So shut the fuck up
And Ed the Third
gets shot in the chest.
Yeah?
You sure that was option one?
and let me think!
Yes.
Yes. Let's spend
some time together,
Granddad, I know
you're still smoking.
I just love your life.
No plan, huh?
We didn't exactly
as a family.
Yeah, boy!
You have these crazy adventures
What are you talking about?
put a whole lot of thought
into this,
That's what
I'm talking about!
with these bizarre characters
and it's so much fun.
Huey, I told you that was
a terrible mistake I made
you know what I'm saying?
Guess we just kind of,
That's what I've always--
Man, look, man, I swear, man,
and I'm never,
ever gonna do it again.
Never thought about it
like that.
you know, got caught up
in the motherfucking moment.
once you get to know a nigga
you'll find
Seemed like a bunch
of problems.
I ain't even
that fucked up.
I know when you find something
you like
You have grievances, right?
I love it that you fight people
with a belt,
you tend to go overboard,
so just be very careful.
Like a motherfucker.
Is you sure, Robert?
Yes, I'm sure!
I love it that you're friends
Well, you got hostages.
I'm sure too.
with a pimp named
A Pimp Named Slickback.
Might as well
make the best of it.
Like I said, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Make a list
of reasonable demands
Okay, then I've done my part.
It's up to y'all, now.
I love that Riley thinks
everything is gay.
in exchange for the hostages
and this might all work out.
Best of luck to you.
I love you, Dad.
I know I shouldn't like
any of these things, but I do.
Toodles.
Hey, yo, what y'all think,
niggas?
Yeah,
I guess it is kind of fun.
Should we try to like, uh,
you know what I'm saying
Boys, Lando is going to be
staying with us for awhile,
I want to be a character.
Uh, cameo
or re-occurring?
and shit, like, uh, negotiate
because, supposedly,
it's the right thing to do.
with these motherfuckers
for stuff?
Regular.
There's definitely some things
I'd like to see changed.
You're a dick, dickwad!
I just hope you boys
take this as a lesson
Oh, my.
that life can really
suck sometimes,
Me too.
Well, if we gonna do this shit,
Uh-oh.
and you should always
wear a condom.
we need to do it right.
We can't just be acting like
I got a condom on
right now.
a bunch of wild ignorant niggas
out there just be shouting out
demands and shit.
This is it. You'll be sharing
this room with the boys.
What am I gonna do?
She's perfect.
We got a motherfucking
black president now.
No favorites.
Ha-ha.
She's the perfect woman.
What's the problem?
She too good for me.
Sir, can you tell me
why you're driving so slow
Yeah. What up, roomies?
Ha! Good luck! Baboon Bama'll
be in here soon too.
Is that what she said?
No,
in the fast lane?
Oh, no reason.
Yeah, this my half
of the room.
she says she likes
and accepts me for who I am.
Hey, hey! You ain't too fat
And that, that's Huey's half
of the room.
I guess I just wasn't
in that much of a rush.
and ugly to get raped,
motherfucker.
So, what's the problem?
Well, where my half at?
She doesn't know
the real me.
I didn't know you can get
a speeding ticket
I apologize for my outburst.
No one normal
can love the real me.
for going too slow,
uh, Officer...
Your half is right there.
I have to do something
drastic before I screw it up.
Doo-shay?
That's Officer Douche.
I left the kids.
I gotta go back for the kids.
And just 'cause
you technically our uncle,
I should try to be someone
totally different.
Honey, just stay there.
Let the professionals handle it.
you ain't ahead of me,
nigga.
You know,
like Tyrese or Chris Brown.
As of right now,
you the youngest brother.
Someone who's not
a dorky old man.
No. This is all my f-fault.
Yup. Makes sense.
And I shouldn't tell her
Got that? I'm number two,
you number three, got it?
I have to make it right.
how much I like her. Women
like the chase, don't they?
Something funny?
I love you, sweetie.  ■
Tom!
Two nigga.
Three nigga.
Yup.
Soon as she thinks
No, sir, Officer...
she's got me,
she's gonna move on
No,
please don't be brave.
Say, man. I promise, man,
I'm gonna respect your space
to another old man to satisfy
her sick old-man fetish.
Douche.
Bravery isn't your thing.
Nah, she probably just got
a young nigga on the side.
I love you, sweetie.
and I really, really,
appreciate, you know,
Why were you driving
so slow in the fast lane?
If I don't come back,
tell Jazmine that I-I...
just being here
part of the fam, man.
Another man? Of course.
Oh, just having
a pleasant drive on a nice,
With all these young men
I've been a part
of this family my whole life.
with good blood pressure
running around?
heh, summer's eve,
Douche.
And he's probably
buff too.
It's an overrated
experience.
Yup, real buff.
Like Tyrese buff?
Nah, like 50 Cent buff.
Please step out
of the car, sir.
JUDGE:
Okay, the defendant
is charged with suspicion
Oh, no!
CONVICT:
Okay, so all the motions
He probably spends all his time
in the gym getting strong.
of driving under
the influence of marijuana,
brought before this
motherfucking committee
I bet she thinks
of him every day,
as well as possession
of a mostly smoked
even when she's with me.
Especially when she with you.
to add, uh, a demand
to the official list of demands
marijuana cigarette.
So how does the defendant plead?
Granddad,
this is silly.
will be ratified
with a motherfucking
She obviously likes you.
Robert, I want you
to plead guilty.
Just relax
and be yourself.
majority vote, nigga.
Unless that demand is vetoed
Myself?
Nah, that'll never work.
No way, mm-mm,
ain't gonna happen.
from the committee chief
executive,
No, no, no,
it's just a first offense.
Obama fixed it up
for everybody.
at which point it will require
a two-third majority vote
to pass.
What are you talking about?
That's why I voted for Obama.
Yeah, uh, I'm looking for
something like a homing device.
Yo, who gets to be
the chief executive?
Ah!
We could legalize weed,
that's what we need--
I'm the motherfucking
chief executive, motherfucker.
Man, nigga had the trillest
dream last night.
Like in the movies,
you know?
See, I have a friend who needs
to follow around
But Tom, what happens
if he goes to jail?
I didn't vote for you.
I thought this was
Go to jail?
It's just a first offense.
On the real,
it was like your boy
a democracy,
you autocratic motherfucker.
had a job at this little
bunny ranch vineyard
a young lady friend.
Everybody calm down.
I don't want to go to jail.
Uh, not stalking her
or anything.
Come over here,
and say that shit
or some shit, man,
so all I could do
RILEY:
I ain't going in no foster care,
I tell you that right now.
and I'll turn your motherfucking
teeth upside down.
was lick the ladies' feet
after they was finished
You know, that would
be real creepy.
The chief executive
is a rotating office to be held
stepping on the grapes and
the bitches was just loving--
Everybody could you please
just shut up?
Look, I can't concentrate
with your thing
Settle down, please.
by each member of
the Executive Riot Committee
flapping around like that.
Go put some clothes on.
Your Honor, I would like
to plead not guilty
in order of prison ID number,
I'm not hungry no more.
Yeah, I'm done.
on the grounds
that Obama legalized weed.
for a period not to exceed
90 minutes' time.
So you just put that little
GPS gadget thingy
Aw, come on, man,
why you all tripping?
Did he? Because I think
I would have heard about that.
Well, wait a goddamn minute.
in her car and now we can
follow her anywhere.
Who the fuck is this
Executive Riot Committee?
Morning wood ain't nothing
to be ashamed of.
I'm pretty sure he did.
That's how you know
you alive, man.
Lord, the white man
sure is brilliant.
Who told you that?
Thugnificent.
Us.
I fit to show you,
you all bitch.
I do love him
and his modern technology so.
The rapper?
Yes, Your Honor.
Oh yeah, right.
Okay, good.
Let's go.
Junior varsity, nigga.
Are you sure he's the guy
to listen to
First motion to introduce
a demand for rafification:
Nigga. Young Barkley.
Finally. That which
the darkie has done
about legal matters?
What does your lawyer say?
He looks pretty smart.
I said, uh, no, Your Honor.
all in favor of bitches?
LANDO: Shit.
RILEY: Punk.
in darkness shall
come to light.
Hey. That's a foul.
I can't believe it.
But Thugnificent
sounded pretty sure.
Brother Huey, let the record
Why, Lord, why?
show that the motion has passed.
Man, that ain't no foul,
nigga.
Huh. Well, he's pretty sure.
You know, I'm--
Oh.
Please add "bitches"
to the official list of demands.
That's playoff
basketball.
I'm also pretty sure,
but, hey,
Yeah, basketball,
not football, bitch.
ALL:
Yeah! Bitches!
GRANDDAD:
Oh!
we can look it up
if you want. No big deal.
Give me the ball.
Okay, next motion?
Yes, please.
White bitches.
Wait.
I didn't know
she can do that.
Man, just 'cause you
the two nigga
Let me see.
Isn't that covered
in bitches?
Hold up! Bitches
and white bitches
don't mean you can treat me
any kinda way, nigga.
Oh, my God,
look at that.
Nope, no.
Sorry about that, man.
Look at this, Wikipedia says
weed is still illegal.
is two different things.
Huey, you gonna let him
do me like this?
I'm so sorry, Robert,
but I told you,
Well, then we have
to go back and amend
the previous demand
to specify white bitches.
It's family,
I'm staying out of it.
that Afro-tramp
could not be--
Really?
Yeah, wait--
Ho, look at that.
That's interesting.
Why we gotta have
a white bitch
Says here
that several states
because you got a white bitch?
Sorry, squirrel.
have legalized
medicinal cannabis.
To me it's a wasted demand.
They never gonna give us
a white bitch.
See?
Unfortunately,
They never give us one
if we don't ask.
Hm, I don't know.
this state
ain't one of 'em so, you know.
Huey, help your baby brother,
man. The nigga melting me.
We got to stand up,
Oh.
So I guess your choices are
and not just demand bitches,
but white bitches.
I don't think
I'm a fan of the earring.
Well, I like it.
It's my ear,
to move to California,
smoke all you want,
Well, fuck it then,
I want me an Alaskan bitch.
or, you know, just stay here
and stop smoking.
I can wear an earring.
Maybe two.
Beggars can't be choosers,
motherfucker.
Or you can keep smoking
and go to jail,
You guys seem a little
cramped in there.
You saying I'm too old
to wear an earring?
We already asking
for bitches, all right?
but that would be kinda silly,
don't you think?
I'm thinking
about giving Lando his own room.
What's wrong?
You seem grumpy.
We have white hostages.
That's not fair.
Oh, like  Grumpy Old Men,  ■
huh?
We have the strategic
leverage to get white bitches.
Why does the three nigga
get his own room?
TOM:
Oh, man, Robert, I can't believe
how lucky you are.
You playing favorites,
Granddad.
I get it.
Man, y'all being
too picky, man.
Let's all laugh
at the old guy.
That's not true.
Oh, yeah?
Is something
bothering you?
Lucky? How is this lucky?
I finally found the thing
A bitch is a bitch.
Lando gets to drink beer.
Man, look, look,
why can't y'all
Now I'm too sensitive?
Is that it?
in life that makes me happy and
now they gonna take it away.
Lando gets to smoke
with cigarettes.
just shut the fuck up
and be happy
Huh?
EBONY: No, I'm not saying that.
with whatever bitch
we get up in here?
Why you love Lando
more than us, Granddad?
Now Robert,
studies show marijuana
I guess you never heard
the phrase "Yes, we can."
Are you okay?
can be very psychologically
addictive.
Hey, hey,
what's going on, fam?
Look, do you want me
to take off?
Man, fuck them studies,
I want my weed.
It's my God-given right
as an inmate
Lando, I'm afraid
we gonna have to,
I feel like I'm getting
on your nerves.
I believed
all the terrible things
to have a white bitch.
That's not a God-given right
uh, make some changes.
From now on,
no smoking.
Huh? Hey. Hey!
they told me about weed
and it was all a lie.
for an inmate.
Or anyone else, really.
And now you mean to tell me,
What?
And no more drinking.
Oh. Well, I may not have
a God-given right
Not at home. You're setting
a bad example for the boys.
Stop looking
at my woman!
I could've had this
the whole time?
Who knows how different
my life would be?
Why don't you understand me
for a change?
to white bitches.
But I do have a God-given right
I might be
a Nobel Peace Prize winner,
Why can't you accept me
for who the fuck I am?
Hey, what the hell?
or eight-time
gold medal swimmer,
to ask for white bitches.
Why are y'all staring
at my girl like that?
You can't control my life!
or even President
of the United States.
Hey, man, the nigga
do have a point.
I know she's hot.
I know she's got a big,
I hate you! I never want
to see you again!
It's not fair.
Now I have to go back
Hey, he's right.
wonderful, glorious behind.
Motion to add
"white bitches"
I wish I was never
your son!
But I'm the guy
she's with.
to being the regular me.
And y'all think because
I'm a pudgy old man
There's nothing wrong
with the regular you.
to the official list
of demands.
Everyone in favor?
that y'all can just look
at her when you want.
I'm telling you
the regular me
is completely unacceptable.
I'm sorry, Pops, I ain't
even mean that shit, man.
I may not be young. I may
not be buff like Tyrese,
I don't even like
the regular me.
Motion passes.
Please add
No one does.
Yeah, he's got a point there.
It's just, my anger
got the best of me,
I may not have the pectorial
muscles of a Michael Jai White,
"white bitches" to the official
list of demands.
I don't even like him
either.
and I'll do whatever
you say, man,
Look, Robert, I get it.
or the washboard abs
of a Tyson Beckford,
Okay, next motion.
from here on out, man.
It's-- I need that.
Everybody wants to escape
from their problems.
or even the shit-your-pants
scariness of a Kimbo Slice.
You know, I-I-I need
that discipline.
But there's a legal way
to do it.
That tough love,
you know?
But don't think I won't punch
one of you punkasses in the eye
Don't--
Don't spare the rod on me.
Matter of fact, man,
I'm going upstairs
for looking at my girl.
You. Mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm.
and get ready for
my ass-whupping right now.
I never really liked you
when I first met you.
CONVICT:
I'm telling you
they getting bitches in here.
Oh, you didn't like me?
I didn't like you.
You! Hey, punk.
As soon as they get
the bitches in here
Were you looking
at my girl?
Well, that's okay,
I don't care who likes me,
I'll stop tapping your ass.
EBONY:
Hey, stop.
and I hate Ruckus,
that son of a bitch.
Well, we can agree
on that.
Left side, nigga.
Whatever.
What you gonna do, nigga?
Let's find Ruckus
and whup his ass.
I am so, so, so,
so sorry, Ebony.
Okay, so the list
so far is: "Bitches.
Just watch your ass, nigga.
Ball.
I'm gonna whup your ass!
Oh, no, I don't think so.
Watch your ass. Nigga.
Ah!
Please don't break up with me.
I will whup your ass
with Ruckus's ass.
"White bitches, Asian bitches,
"Brazilian bitches,
You don't have to keep
apologizing, Robert.
"East Indian Bitches,
West Indian Bitches...
Ha! Game, bitch.
Who's the number two
nigga now, nigga?
I'm worried about you.
I miss my Mary Jane now.
I don't know
what came over me.
Ruckus! Come on!
Nigga, you 7 feet tall
I just-- I feel so old.
"Broadband internet porn,
K-Y Jelly, Condoms,
bragging about beating
a little kid.
There's so many younger,
sexier men out there,
Your game is garbage.
And you cheat.
Viagra,  People  magazine,
and Alaskan bitches."
like bald Boris Kodjoe,
Oh, I think
I'm gonna throw up.
That's how it's
a fair match, nigga.
or the British sophistication
of a Idris Elba.
I'm 7 feet garbage,
and you 3 feet nice.
Isn't there anything else
you guys want?
All right, that's true.
New game, nigga.
Robert, I don't want
to date those guys,
Oh, if I see
or smell throw-up,
I've already dated
those guys.
I'm gonna throw--
You may never get
this chance again.
What?
: I'm kidding.
Anything else?
I thought that's what
the magazine was for.
RUCKUS:
Huh?
Whew. Thought you was a ho
for a second.
Oh, God.
No. I'm gonna knock
that down too.
Ah!
Oh, man,
you fought for her?
What about an end
to the outsourcing
Ah! Lando. Lando!
of prison labor
to private companies?
Nobody told you
to fight for her.
She'll never
respect you now.
Oh, hell, no!
I like that.
Yeah, yeah. That's not bad.
What the--?
I mean, she probably didn't
want to say it to your face,
Oh.
Aw, man!
What if we keep doing
the work
but it's a wrap.
but they pay us
in white bitches?
Shut up.
I'm not listening to you.
Can you believe it,
old nigga?
Grant got raided.
Look, look, look, look.
CONVICT 3:
Yo, that's crazy.
You! You the one
been all over the neighborhood
It's a shame too.
She wasn't bad.
She said she gonna
They taking the champagne,
and the citrus buds,
Man, white bitches.
CONVICT 4: I'd work my ass off.
trying to undercut
my business.
give me another chance.
Is that right?
You see this?
Take a good look at it.
and the First Mature,
and the Early Misty,
How long since
she called you?
I tried to wipe my ass
with it
and the God Bud,
and the Ice Marijuana,
Come on.
RUCKUS:
Follow him,
white children.
except it chafed my gentle
under region.
Hey, it's me again.
and the Island Lady,
and the Kush--
Niggas know they way
through prison.
You ever heard of free-market
principles, nigga?
I'm not gonna let them
get away with this.
I just sent you a text message
and a e-mail,
Best, you know what? I'd love
to be paid in white bitches.
I say we fight back. It's time
for civil disobedience.
You can't have no motherfucking
handyman monopoly
and an instant message,
and a MySpace message,
out this motherfucker.
It's time for action.
Man, you do what you want.
and I just put
an actual letter in the mail.
Whoa, look who brought
his no-appointment-keeping
I'm gonna go back
to work and cry.
You should get it
in a couple of days,
Hey, yo, nigga!
Where the hostages?
black white ass
around here.
and I also tried to send you
a telegraph at the station
Ah-ha.  Et tu,  Robert? Et tu?
Thank God.
Is everyone all right?
but the man said
they don't exist anymore.
There's a service exit
not far from here.
Now, Robert, I know you mad,
but I never thought
I tried to page you but the man
said that doesn't exist anymore.
Aw, my precious
little white children.
you would stoop this low.
Ah.
So, uh, just, uh,
call me when you can.
What is this really
gonna accomplish?
I told you, y'all would be safe
Ruckus, that's enough.
This is your own fault.
I'll just be here,
waiting.
with your Uncle Ruckus.
What happened to you?
I thought you believed
Ruckus, where's Huey
and Riley?
Lando is serious about
this landscaping business
in the revolution.
A freedom fighter.
Where they belong,
with the convicts.
and I'm supporting him.
He's good at it,
WOMAN:
We are like the perfect couple.
You're not gonna end prohibition
by getting arrested.
You left Huey and Riley?
and I'm proud of him.
Pops, you mean that?
MAN:
I'm starting to look like you.
Course I did.
What if me and Rosa Parks
I do, son.
had said that on that bus
in Montgomery?
Fine. I hope you niggas
are happy with each other.
You guys go ahead.
I've gotta go back.
What if me and Martin Luther
King said that in Selma?
Aw, Pops.
You don't even know
What if me and Nelson Mandela
said that during apartheid?
Tom! Tom, are you crazy?
what that meant to a nigga
right now.
When were you arrested
in South Africa?
Tom! Stay away
from that tossed-salad guy!
For the first time in my life,
I understand
Never mind.
Point is you sold out.
the true meaning of family--
And one more thing.
You got peanut allergies!
I think we should just move
to L.A..
George Lucas ruined
the  Star Wars  franchise
I'm gonna be the first nigga
to be a Blood and a Crip.
CONVICT 1: You! I'm talking to you!
the minute
that wavy-haired jigaboo
Granddad, nobody solves problems
by going to jail anymore.
stepped on screen
and put his monkey paws
Fine. What do you suggest?
all over Princess Leia.
Look, if it's really
that important to you,
maybe we should just move
to California.
The booty is mine.
Then I'm gonna star
in my own movie
It belongs to me.
Didn't I tell you?
Ha, Look at us.
about the first nigga
to be both a Blood and a Crip.
One big,
beautiful black family.
Granddad,
I found her.
I'm gonna play me.
Well, I'm not leaving my home.
You did?
I paid good money
for this house.
Hm.
Twitter? What the hell
is a Twitter?
I know you smiling
on the inside.
Goddamn, they keep
coming up with these
Now it ain't worth shit,
so we're staying.
MAN:
I can tell, nigga.
I can tell.
stupid computer things.
I can't keep up.
Then I'm gonna run up
on the Fresh Prince kid
and show him
who the real Karate Kid is.
You can't bullshit
big baby brother, nigga.
There should be one damn
computer thing. That's it.
They ain't even
paying the nigga.
You just as gleeful
as a motherfucker, huh?
Well, her Twitter says
she's in Malaysia.
Ow!
So, what's more important?
Weed or us?
So you wanna do it
the hard way, huh?
Malaysia?
What's she doing there?
She obviously went there
to get away from me.
I got it for you hard.
Weed.
Or maybe she went for the
inexpensive male prostitutes.
Ugh!
Don't drop the soap, Tom!
Okay, gang,
food is just about ready.
Man, he didn't even
think about it.
And turn that damn thing off.
You know how I feel
She probably just
needs a little space.
We are here to demand
the liberation of our brother,
about that Steve Wilkos show.
Okay, Pops,
Yeah, a little
other-side-of-the-planet space.
Grant, from the deep,
dark dungeons of tyranny.
we fit to turn it off. Hakeem, you are the father,
I want that booty, Tom.
Granddad, you better hurry
before she gets to the moon.
This man was a peaceful man.
He was a grower.
You can't have my booty.
Oh, yeah, I can.
It's settled then.
I'm going to Malaysia.
He was a healer.
And he gave me
The booty is mine,
it belongs to me,
and I hate your fucking guts!
really good weed
at very reasonable prices.
you cannot take my booty.
Yes! Whoo-hoo!
Granddad,
stop snitching. Ha-ha.
The booty is mine,
it belongs to me,
I cannot believe this.
We won't let you
push us around.
you cannot take my booty.
We have the right
to pursue happiness.
I knew it. I knew it.
And this is happiness.
And I shall pursue it, happily.
I knew he was
the baby daddy.
Man,
I-I knew that shit too.
Wait, stop.
Freeze it.
All right,
bring it back. There.
GRANDDAD:
Wait, does anyone have a light?
"Producers reserve the right
to nullify, falsify,
Robert. Robert?
Grant? But I thought
you were in jail.
"reverse and/or otherwise
misrepresent results
I posted bail.
What are you doing here?
Mm-hm.
So you're free?
I got six months' probation,
"of DNA paternity tests
to preserve
the integrity
of the show."
can't smoke,
but weed's not worth my freed--
"Actual DNA test
results available on request."
What are you doing
out here?
Mm-hm, come on, Tom.
Wait, wait,
I change my mind.
And make sure those crates
get moved over there--
Huh?
Aw.
No, wait.
Sir, I'm placing you
Ebony.
Robert?
Oh.
under arrest
for disturbing the peace...
What are you doing here?
Why? Why did you leave me
all alone?
Hey, wait a minute,
officer.
Come on.
You don't understand.
I mean,
I know I made mistakes,
HUEY:
Hi, yeah, um,
we're calling about
I change my mind.
Forget all that stuff I said.
but to leave forever
without saying goodbye...
I take it back.
Do over.
the DNA test
for Robert Freeman.
Robert, it's been
16 hours,
I'm a Republican, Democrat,
Conservative, Tea Party!
Yeah, the "Near Death
Deadbeat" episode.
and the flight
is 12 hours.
Oh, yeah, somehow it seemed
longer than that.
Oh, dude, I am so bummed
to see you here again.
Mm-hm. Okay.
Thanks.
You can't have it!
I tried to call, but my phone
doesn't work over here.
Your Honor, I plead not guilty
on the grounds
Well, then why did you leave?
that I wouldn't have had
to do a protest
Granddad,
you're not the father.
You didn't hear
about the typhoon?
if you had let me have
weed in the first place.
Ah, man!
Yo! Them niggas left without us.
This is silly.
I'm an old man.
Ain't that a bitch.
Aw, man. For real?
I fought for my country.
I've earned the right
Whose job was it to watch
the motherfucking hostages?
You mean we just did
all that bonding for nothing?
to smoke weed.
No, no, no.
You forgot to assign
it to someone,
No, i-it wasn't
for nothing.
But I admit that
I probably went too far.
Mr. Chief Motherfucking
Executive.
I mean--
Slow down, playboy.
Robert.
I'm really shocked
So I guess
maybe I am guilty.
You don't have
to say nothing, really.
Did y'all know about this?
Granddad, stop snitching.
If we did, do you think
we'd still be here?
Huey, Riley,
what can I say, man?
that you came all
the way out here,
What are we gonna do
with demands and no hostages?
Nigga really appreciate
y'all for opening your own home,
but it's not healthy.
Look at you.
You look exhausted
Anyway,
I learned my lesson.
We got them.
And I decided,
if you let me go,
but if we ain't family,
what we doing this for?
and stressed and,
I don't know.
Man, we won't get
any strategic leverage
I'm gonna move
to California
so as to be in compliance
with the law.
with them two.
I motion we end the riot,
I ain't gotta be sharing no room
with two little boys,
I don't want to have
this effect on you.
You don't look happy.
What? All right.
disband the Executive
Riot Committee,
I'm happy. What makes you
think I'm not happy?
I ain't know no King of Pop
shit. I'll just beat it.
Really, Granddad?
and surrender to authorities.
It was all just a big
misunderstanding.
Yeah, yeah!
I wanted it to be
a surprise.
Whew, well, since I'm already
here, I might as well
Okay. All in favor
of ending the riot.
Okay, Mr. Freeman,
you got yourself a deal.
help out with
the relief effort.
So, what are you going
to do now, son?
Robert, we have
to slow this down.
I'll agree to no jail time
Motion passes.
and you are free
to go to California.
I mean, Lando?
Who knows?
No, let's speed it up.
Let's go faster.
CONVICT 2:
Wait a minute,
let me get this right.
Maybe I'll find
that right lady, you know,
Robert,
you'll be fine.
RILEY:
Yeah! That's what's up!
Do the, uh,
jelly go inside your ass?
Next week you'll have some crazy
adventure with another woman.
Immediately after serving
three weeks of house arrest,
You know, I spend
a lot of time, you know,
start a family of my own.
This was kinda cool.
You won't even remember
this little episode.
followed by two years' probation
with mandatory drug testing,
All right,
you little niggas be easy.
thinking about all the shit
I could've done.
I don't know,
I mean, I wake up
in the morning and I think,
You listen
to your granddaddy.
and we'll throw in some
community service for fun.
I'm not too sure
I have many episodes left.
I could've been
the motherfucking president.
You real lucky
to have him.
Hi, my name is Robert Freeman.
Shit.
Goodbye, Robert.
Recently I started smoking pot.
Nigga, I wish
things had've been different.
Marijuana didn't make me happier,
I mean, I'd do anything
in the motherfucking world
it didn't make me cool. It didn't do anything,
Please?
except almost cost me my family and my freedom.
just for things
to be different.
You all right?
Yeah. Whew.
Glad that's over. I really
dodged a bullet there.
So if you wanna be like me, a loser,
Where's she at?
Miss Brown.
go ahead and smoke.
I guess I'm just gonna be
raping niggas' asses
He wasn't a bad guy,
though.
Oh, I know she
in there, Robert.
for the rest
of my motherfucking life.
I hope he does find
his real daddy one day.
And I can't hold my feelings
inside no longer.
Marry me,
Miss Ebony Brown.
That was crazy. Granddad,
you make weed look so uncool,
Do me the honor
of becoming
International star
and Colt 45 spokesperson
Mrs. Uncle Ruckus.
I don't think
I'm ever gonna smoke.
Billy Dee Williams?
She's gone, Ruckus.
Yes, you must be
Robert Freeman.
Gone? Gone, what you--?
What you mean she gone?
Yeah, I think
I'm gonna go take
a stroll around the block,
'cause I can.
I saw you on  The Steve Wilkos Show  with Lando,
Boys! Boys, are you okay?
I blew it.
Want me get you anything
while I'm out, Granddad?
Yeah. Are you okay?
but I'm afraid I've got
some pretty shocking news.
Oh, is she ever
coming back?
Yes. Heh. I'm okay.
I don't know.
He's not your son.
She said I didn't
love myself enough.
Yeah, bring me
a brand-new belt
For the first time
in a long time, I'm okay.
We know that.
with a big spiked buckle
How do you know that?
Well, that's understandable.
You're a coon.
so I can whup
your little smart behind.
Of course you okay. You ran.
Because he's my son.
Hey, I wonder if Ebony can
start one of them foundations
Well, for what it's worth,
it's not too terrible
How a chaperone
gonna run, Mr. DuBois? Huh?
Your son?
What?
having the old Granddad
back.
You mean,
you and Marietta...?
and cure revitaligo.
Yes.
She sent me a letter,
Oh, she sure
was something.
Yeah, well, it's worth nothing,
but thank you.
"Leave the kids, save yourself?"
Is that what chaperoning
mean to you?
must have been right before
she passed.
I mean,
she was a ape,
but she was the prettiest ape
I ever seen.
Pfft. I can't believe
this is supposed to scare me.
I've been trying to find him,
but I couldn't
until I saw him
on your show.
GRANDDAD: This is the new
Facebook account
A prison full
of bitch-ass niggas.
Is he here?
That way.
If you hurry
The convicts is bitch-ass
niggas. All they did was vote.
you might catch him.
Thanks.
of Robert J. Freeman.
I'm old but still get around pretty well.
The COs was bitch-ass niggas,
'cause they just fell over.
I have two bad grandkids,
Man, I wish I could be
related to Billy Dee Williams.
and I enjoy pork, orange juice,
And, Tom, you's a bitch-ass
nigga too.
and watching
Real Housewives of Compton.
Because all you did was run.
He way cooler than you,
Granddad.
No bat-shit crazy women, please.
They wouldn't know what to do
And don't forget to comment on my pics, LOL.
with a real nigga like me
up in here.
Guess that's why he get
all the bitches first.
Lucky for them
I'm a little kid
GRANDDAD:
Boys, it's a great day
for yard work.
so they can't put me
in a real jail.
They gotta put me
in a jail for, like,
real nigga little kids.